Tidied up bind-dirs.md (#827)
QubesOS/qubes-doc: user/advanced-configuration/bind-dirs.md

This means that changes in the rest of the filesystem are lost when the TemplateBasedVM is shutdown.
bind-dirs provides a mechanism whereby files usually taken from the template can be persisted across reboots.

For example, in Whonix, [Tor's data dir /var/lib/tor has been made persistent in the TemplateBased ProxyVM sys-whonix][whonix]  
In this way sys-whonix can benefit from the Tor anonymity feature 'persistent Tor entry guards' but does not have to be a StandaloneVM.

## How to use bind-dirs.sh? ##

In this example, we want to make /var/lib/tor persistent.

Inside the TemplateBasedVM.

1. Make sure folder `/rw/config/qubes-bind-dirs.d` exists.

       sudo mkdir -p /rw/config/qubes-bind-dirs.d

2. Create a file `/rw/config/qubes-bind-dirs.d/50_user.conf` with root rights.

3. Edit the file 50_user.conf to append a folder or file name to the `binds` variable.

       binds+=( '/var/lib/tor' )

4. Save.

5. Reboot the TemplateBasedVM.

6. Done.

From now on any files within the/var/lib/tor folder will persist across reboots.  

> You can make make many files or folders persist, simply by making multiple entries in the p50_user.conf file, each on a separate line.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can make make many files or folders persist, simply by making multiple entries in the 50_user.conf file, each on a separate line.  
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed: https://github.com/QubesOS/qubes-doc/commit/e1248ad12022671f15a5912751967fd1846bfddd

## How does it work? ##

bind-dirs.sh is called at startup of a TemplateBasedVM, and configuration files in the above configuration folders are parsed to build a bash array.
Files or folders identified in the array are copied to /rw/bind-dirs if they do not already exist there, and are then bind mounted over the original files/folders.

Creation of the files and folders in /rw/bind-dirs should be automatic the first time the TemplateBasedVM is restarted after configuration.

> If you want to circumvent this process, you can create the relevant filestructure under /rw/bind-dirs and make any changes at the same time that you perform the configuration, before reboot.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to circumvent this process, you can create the relevant file structure under /rw/bind-dirs and make any changes at the same time that you perform the configuration, before reboot.  
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed: https://github.com/QubesOS/qubes-doc/commit/e1248ad12022671f15a5912751967fd1846bfddd
